this is strictly in 60-seconds where we
cram a week's worth of strictly into
just one minute week five five weeks in
12-cup was left who would be throwing in
the towel this week in the ballroom
corner was the worldís worse in the
latin corner was the jives Ricky Whittle
regained the top spot with the first ten
of the ceilings and he was closely
followed by Jay Johnson and Zoey lucker
Lalor and Anson were on the ropes they
tumbled down the leader pool but good
news for Joe wood and Brendan Cole who
came out fighting literally pushed
kangaroos crazy
ignorance and lack of knowledge on the
dance it was Craig Kelly he was left
floored at the bottom of the judge's
table but it was Joe Kawasaki and
surprised opponent Zoe lucker who ended
up going toe to toe look away now have
you don't want to know who's left
and it was Joe kawasaki he was left
reeling after a KO what other surprises
are left at remaining eleven couples
find out next Saturday on Strictly Come
Dancing